Type: 		Halflife Multiplayer Pluggin Model

Name: 		MissWong

Release Date: 	3rd Jume 2001

Author:		Ian Waugh    

E-Mail:		gundam@btinternet.com or ian.waugh@virgin.net

Homepage: 	Go G-net
                http://freespace.virgin.net/ian.waugh/index.htm  

Files:		misswong.mdl, misswong.bmp, misswong.txt 			

Instructions:	Either create a folder Half-life\action\models\player\misswong               
                and just unzip all the file into there (This might cuase problems for
		other players who don't have this model though )
                
                OR choose and exiting model you whish to replace, back it up, then unzip the files
                into its directory and rename the misswong.mdl and misswong.txt to the same name as
                the model you are replaceing. This probably a better thing to do.

		This model can be freely distributed as long as this text file is included, unmodified.

                This model/skin was done specifically for ACTION HALFLIFE Haven O'Frags player model competion,
		DO NOT EVEN THINK ABOUT CONVERTING IT TO OTHER MODS, it is AHL only.

		If you want to do a skin for this model and are a good skinner ( i.e. better than me ) then email me, 
                and I'll help you out with base skins. Please no crude skins

Description: 	Miss Patrica Wong, an up and comming Hong Kong Category III Movie starlet
		She looks good with a DE, Beretta(s), Magnum or SMG                                  

Influences:	Sshe is not based on anybody in particular, she is just a pretty (but fairly well built) 
		chinese girl, done in a realistic, if idealised way,
		inspired by HK movies and Japanese Manga and my own perverted imagination. 
		The costume is original I think (and it probably chafes)
                            
Model Info:	Vertices   	:568 
		Polygons      	:1028 tris
		Skins       	:4  FaceBMP.bmp  	256x256
                                    LegBMP.bmp   	256x256
                                    ArmBMP.bmp   	256x256
                                    LeotardBMP.bmp	256x256
                                    No Team Colours
                Skeleton     	: Valves Standard Biped
		Animation      	: Standard Action Halflife

Model Notes:	4x256x skins = 1x512k skin, which although is a lot by original Halflife standard, actually is not much at all
		for modern graphics cards. Unreal Tournement uses 4x256s and both Counter Strike and TFC use 512's and quite a few
		people play those don't they?

                I used 4x256 instead of 1x512, because my graphics cards are slow old Voodoo II's  and they don't support 512 size
		textures. There is a apparently a slight performance hit by using mutliple skins with different palettes, 
		as the card has more work to do to convert all of them into 16 bit colour space for display though.

		Multiple photo's from different sources where used as a base, MUCH MUCH work was done by hand to make it all fit, blend 
		and shade, its not a photo skin by any stretch of the immagination.

		The polycount of 1028 is high to, but again sticking to 600-800 for a HL character aint all that necesary any more, unless
		you want to run on a 233 with a voodoo I, the Haven'O'frags competion stated a max of 1200 anyway, so I'm way under. 
		There are extra polies on the face around the eyebrows and bridge of the nose that look unnecessary though. 
		These are there to make the gourand shading work, if they were not there the forhead would have dark streaks 
		as the shader tries to smooth across the big polies of the forhead and the sharply angled eye sockets.

		The model is an single mesh, not segmented, and the sholders are brought in to make it more femmenine. It is NOT easy to
		build a Halflife model based on the Standard HL skeleton like this that still deforms nicely.
		I think I have managed to achive this fairly well, the model deforms quite well within certain limits. The std. skeleton
		still forces me to make the model stockier than I would have liked (Dam you Gordon Freeman, Dam you to hell).

		I've tested the model in game alot, replacing other models to make sure I see her and have had no performance problems even
		with 5 on the screen at once ( running in 800x600 on a pII 450 with voodoo II SLI and wicked3d drivers ).
		
		There are no custom anims, I though about doing some, (especialy for the shooting of the unique weapons as these distort
		a little cause the right arm is to far back) but without the orignal source anims or BIP files to modifiy it would of 
		been to had to make original ones that still fit in. ( Plus I was running out of time and am lazy )

Tools used:  	Mesh			: Inspire 3D 1.0  and Max3.1
		Mapping and boning 	: 3D Studio Max R3.,1 and Character Studio 2.2
		Skins			: Corel Photopaint 8.0 ( photoshop, whats that all about then? )
		Compiling		: StudioMDL	
		Viewing			: Half-Life Model Viewer v1.1

Other:  	I sometimes can be found as "Seburo", late at night on Wireplay, Barry's world and other UK servers, 
                playing Action Halflife. I'm a LPD and play rough, but use one of my models or skins and I might
		go easy on you ;)
	
Thanks:		The websites (polycount/Q2PMP, Cold Fusion) that have posted my models in the past.
                Everybody who emailed me previous work. Many thanks for the words of encouragment.
		Every one who has done a Player or a weapon model before, thanks for the inspiration 
		and now I really appreciate the work you put in to bring them to life.
		The AHL team for doing such good work on Beta4. I'm an old school AQ2 player and 
		AHL never really did anything for me, until beta4, now its back and better than every before.
                Oh and valve Software, For Half Life of course
